Her existence was hidden from everyone.
This is Violet.
Say your greetings.
Affirmative.
She's just a kid.
Despite her doll-like outfit,
she had the demeanor...
of a military soldier.
I want to stop your tears.
You are just an emotionless tool, so,
how could you be sad?
The major’s brother once told me,
“You’re Gilbert’s dog.”
I’m the major’s tool.
But if he doesn’t need me anymore,
then I should be thrown away.
You really don’t understand other people’s feelings, do you?
I don’t understand.
I do not understand.
I want to know.
I want to know
what “I love you” means.
No way! There's no way I'm going to let you die!
Stop already!
I will not kill anyone.
I do not need a weapon.
Don't be a tool,
become someone that matches with their name.
Live, and...
be free.
From the bottom of my heart...
I love you.